#Wheel of Fortune

As part of my Functional Programming class, across the whole semester, my partners and I implemented Wheel of Fortune using the programming language OCaml. Just like the popular television show, this is a multiplayer game, in this case a terminal game, and the main structure of the game is the same: 4 rounds that will be played until the puzzle is completed, with players earning  money along the way. During each round, a player will have a turn, where they will have the option to Spin the wheel, Buy a vowel, Solve the Puzzle, Check the puzzle, Check the wheel, or Check the used letters. A player's turn will continue until either the puzzle is solved, they guess incorrectly, or they spin a Bankrupt or Lose a Turn. Once the 4 Main rounds are complete, the current money leader will move on to the bonus round, where they will compete for a chance to win even more cold, hard, very real cash. If, by some crazy chance, multiple people have the same money amound after the 4 rounds, they will be sent to the tiebreaker round, where all of the contestants will battle it out until there is one winner, who will then be sent to the bonus round. No cold hard cash can be won from the tiebreaker round. More detailed rules for the tiebreaker round and the bonus round will be explained below. Once all of the rounds are complete, the winner will be revealed, as well as their total winnings. 

Here are the rules to the bonus round: We will give you a puzzle with R, S, T, L, E already guessed as per the television game rules. You will then be given 3 consonant guesses and 1 vowel guess. After that, you will given one chance to solve the puzzle, or two if you have a wild card obtained from earlier in the game. If you win, you will get the bonus money.

For the tiebreaker round, since we were not sure if there were any for the television show, we created our own rules: first, we will have each player guess what wedge they believe the wheel will land on. The options are a money amound ranging from 500 to 900 incremented by 50, Bankrupt, Lose a Turn, or One Million. If you guess it correctly, you will be given a certain starting score greater than zero. If you guess incorrectly, you will start with a score of zero. Once you have your starting score, you will play a round of wheel of fortune where you can only guess letters--no buying vowels, no solving, no spinning. If the letter is in the puzzle, your score will be incremented by the number of times that letter appears in the puzzle multiplied by the corresponding point score for the letter. The point score is based off of Scrabble letter scoring so the more rare a letter is, the higher the letter score. Each player will only get one guess per turn, no matter whether the letter was in the puzzle or not. Once the puzzle is solved, the player with the highest point score will be the overall winner and they will move on to the bonus round. Remember, for this round, you can guess vowels without buying, although it may not be in your best interest as they are more common letters. 

Unfortunately, since this is a school project, we cannot display the code in this repository. 
